This is a folder of old ideas that went through my head while I was creating this site.

At first I had the idea of creating a auto-hotkey script that would type out a piece of sample code ie basic programming language loops.
I went through with this and recorded it with obs and it created a video of which it seems like it was being typed out at a constant speed
However I found this idea to be aggravating as it would never be in a good quality even when getting the aspect 16:9 ratio correct due to wanting the
loops to be a "background" and formating was terrible.

Another Idea I had was a "terminal" where the home index would be a interactive terminal and there would be another home for non-technical people that 
wouldnt want to use a terminal. However this idea seemed that it would take too long seeing how it would take having to import javascript modules and 
create my own for the "bash" functions. And since im in a "time-crunch" with not too long left, i felt that I wouldnt have enough time to complete it
so it was forced to be scraped even though I genuinely liked the idea. The .gif was a animation that was meant to be played before entering the actual
"terminal".

Another Idea I had was to have the contact be hooked up to a php so I wouldnt need a 3rd party tool and I could either choose to use the php built in
mail() function or hook the php to a mysql and have php store and fetch information from that table and show it in the "terminal" idea. And although
I was genuinely excited for this idea it was canceled after I found out that github doesnt support static languages ie php. 
(might still do it anyways, i mean although github doesnt support/carry out php it still lets you upload it, might just do it on home apache server)



below is a sample of a "idea-document" i made before finding all of this out:


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
interactable terminal? for home screen
visitor@website should be the user name like how a unix/bash terminal has root@localhost$


Home:
Animation? Like the fallout 4 one when entering a terminal? If so im doing pixel art. Order 1. Goes To 2. Goes Down 3. Zooms into
-Should be simple pixel art
- 1st part = computer on long desk with things flashing... at a distance
- 2nd part = zoom into the desk with the computer, both should be visable item on computer is still not visable
- 3rd part = at the computer and you can finally see that its a terminal
After those 3 parts we replace the animation and make it an actual useable terminal 


Interactable Terminal  Why I thought of this -Recently Created LinuxApacheMysqlPhp (LAMP) stack on ubuntu server, Been playing fallout 4.
-Commands:
help (see all "normal" commands)
SP (stands for Switch Page takes a additional argument to either make that page a new tab or move out of the terminal)

Be able to login via salted hash (me only) to see additional commands
Login is 
-Be able to switch to a non-terminal version, for non-technical people


Logo (made from initials) in top corner. for websites that arent the terminal
Logo will be a vector graphic rather than a raster so it will always have good quality and will be in svg format, I used inkscape to draw it

About:
Interests/Technical
List abilities
List Education

Projects:
List planned projects
List Finished Projects
List what I plan to learn
List what I learnt
List "ratings/abilities"

Contact:
Functioning Contact Page that uses php to enter the message and info to a sql database and have a page that requires login in the terminal to see 
OR functioning contact page that uses php to email the message to me. (PHP has native mail() or PHPMailer)
Check email against blocked/temp emails using php via library of known temp emails

Site Logs:
Must be logged in, command from the terminal
shows number of hits, 

Messages:
Must Be logged in command from the terminal


side notes: 

1a. Im not sure if everything would work as Im thinking of it but its a rought draft anyways

1b. I think i may continue working on portfolio after submission, see if i can add additional features
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------